Hello
last day here from the las series
vegas we are doing our last
tours between the stands especially for
show you the news announced here
at the fair but we still had
way to learn more about ours
video and we start from the stand and inside
where we have two really mini PCs
interesting are the new looks
with soc broadway
both types of new blogs
therefore they have different configurations
we have 3 May five of fifth
generation
the main difference lies in the
storage the smaller one of them
it only mounts for an ssd so nothing
special weapons with while on a large
thought maybe if lightly floured
business with love on the coach
sin both continue
however the possibility to expand the
memory that is a ddr3l that comes up
to a maximum of 16 GB and both
share the good park of door and that
we find both the front and back is the
connectivity we have 10 in the part
front we have two usb and jack the
headphone connector and microphone
in the back other usb 3.0
mini hdmi mini displayport ethernet e
in the back you can see
also two ventilation grids in fact
these are not devices
completely do them if there is a small one
venturina in the upper part above the
soc who cools it, however, according to
what was declared to us
from the company will arrive soon
time also of the devices with the helmet
with passive heat sink so without the
need ventolin and we don't have it yet
information regarding the
price and availability of these
devices
in Italy, however, at least we expect it
that are in the price range of the
previous also because they are ppc devices
which in any case should not be possible
allow prices too high because
otherwise they lose the band of public
main to which they are dedicated however
we will see and soon we will have others
information we will announce them we close
the video to make a little gem
in fact we therefore have a prototype for
a mini pc of the future of internal like
you can see the feature
the most interesting one is
definitely the fact that it is a
connector to choose which one from us
processors go to mount then in the
intel's future is going
outline the scenarios in which the mini PCs
a lot of can be customized
more choosing is then changing then
following upgrades over time al
ahram both the processor and the storage
these were the new luxury yachts with
two a greeting from gianluca cerignola
subscribe now to our channels for
don't miss all the news from Mr East
mila 15 you will also find from the blog to
backstage to live with us for
the alarm clock fair